Update README to contain proper contents (#4)
eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-template: README.md

# Vehicle App Template

> The repository to get you started with Velocitas App development. It contains a very basic setup which will walk you through assisted project creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a repository to get you started with Velocitas App development. It contains a very basic setup which will walk you through assisted project creation.
```

## Required software

* Visual Studio Code
* A container runtime supported by Visual Studio Code's devContainer feature. See [here](https://eclipse.dev/velocitas/docs/tutorials/quickstart/container_runtime/)

## Setup steps

> 1. Clone the repository **or** use Github Codespaces
> 2. Open the repository in Visual Studio Code **or** in Github Codespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repository and open it in Visual Studio Code **or** use Github Codespaces
```

> 3. Follow the steps through the assisted project creation

Reviewer: should we provide some more details about the creation process and what can be selected?

Author: The steps in the CLI should be assisted enough to be self explanatory. If we describe them here, it will be outdated rather soon.

> 4. When prompted restart the devContainer (:warning:under the hood, we have updated your container configuration:warning:) - if not prompted, manually restart the container using `View` -> `Command Palette...` -> `Dev Containers: Rebuild Container`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When prompted, rebuild the devContainer (:warning:under the hood, we have updated your container configuration:warning:) - if not prompted, manually rebuild the container using `View` -> `Command Palette...` -> `Dev Containers: Rebuild Container`
```
